I am going to use my RMPro to operate my RF capable roller blinds.

Key objective
- Be able to automate blinds up and down based on time, sun and weather

Background
The blinds are already working with my Google Home, eg say 'open blinds' causes them to go up (via the RMPro)
I am doing this using HA 0.97

Initial discoveries
The Google Home works on the button names I set up in my RMPro using IHC app on phone. So far as I have been able to determine HA only works on sending base64 character sequences so getting those codes requires me to go back to the beginning with RMPro.

Lots of google searches and help from others reveals the following.

Ok let's do it.

1) Get the Broadlink IHC app onto your phone (tested on Android), get that linked to your RMPro following the app's instructions.

2) edit the configuration.yaml file

switch:
  - platform: broadlink
    host: 192.168.0.4  # recommend fixing its ip in your router since this config requires the ip
    mac: 'xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx'
    type: rm2_pro_plus  # its actually a RM pro+ on the label

3) Now restart HA

4) Next go to the 'developer tools' page in your HA and select the 'Services' tab
In service dropdown you should find and select 'broadlink.learn'
In service data enter the following:
{"host":"192.168.0.4"}

5) Next get your phone, RMpro and your usual remote together next to your keyboard to do the following:

a) Go into IHC app and get to the point where you are asking it to learn (or relearn) a button. This prompts you to long press any button on the remote. Do this until the app tells you its recognised.
b) Now briefly press the button that will do the job you want and AND press the 'Call Service' button in HA.

The notifications tab in HA should show a new message. Check to see it has a big long code shown. If not then repeat the two steps above. If HA reports an error when you press the 'Call Service' button then you've probably not done step 4 correctly.

6) Copy the whole string of characters (excluding the quotes) from the notification. and then open the scripts.yaml in HA and add the following:

blinds_up:
  sequence:
    - service: broadlink.send
      data:
        host: 192.168.0.4
        packet: "sgDYAAwXGQsMFxkLDBgYCwwYDBcZCwwYGAsMGAwXDRcMGAwXDBgMFw0XDBgYCxgMGAwYCwx9njENFxgMDBcYDAwXDRcYDBgLDBgMFxkLGAwMFwwYDBcNFxgLDRcYDAwXGAwMGAwXGAwMFxgMDBcNFwwYDBcNFwwXDRcNFwwXGAwYCxgMGAsNS54xDRcYCw0XGAwMFwwYGAsZCwwYDBcYDBgLDBgMGAwXDBgYCw0XGAsNFxgMDBcNFxgLDRcYCw0XDBgMGAwXDBgMFw0XDBgMFxgMGAsYDBgLDQAF3A=="

Obviously your data string will differ.

7) Save the file, restart HA and check that the script shows up in the 'Overview' (lovelace UI). If you are editing the UI yourself then I will assume that you are able to add a card to show the 'blinds_up' script.

8) execute the script and check that it works.

Notes:
1) 'blinds_up' is what I want to call the item, it can be anything you want (without spaces in it). It will be what you specify when you want the script to run.
2) your ip (192.168.0.4) will be different to mine!
3) See Automation - Blinds for the next stage of the process
